docs: Display "Incorrect Label" label below the image as done in other locations (#700)
flybywiresim/docs: docs/pilots-corner/a32nx-briefing/flight-deck/ovhd/adirs.md

![ADIRS Panel](../../../assets/a32nx-briefing/overhead-panel/ADIRS.jpg "ADIRS Panel")

> !!!info "Incorrect Label"
> 
>     Please note, the ADIR 1, 2 and 3 labels are incorrect. They should state ADR 1, 2 and 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! info "Incorrect Label"

    Please note, the ADIR 1, 2 and 3 labels are incorrect. They should state ADIR 1, 2 and 3.
```

Don't know why that works even though the formatting of the admonition was wrong -- also small typo I discovered.

> !!! info "Incorrect Label"
> 
>     Please note, the ADIR 1, 2 and 3 labels are incorrect. They should state ADIR 1, 2 and 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! info "Incorrect Label"

    Please note: Currently the ADIRS are labeled ADIR 1, 3 and 2 which is incorrect. They should be labeled ADIR 1, 2 and 3.
```
